Bibliography flag supports conversion without BIB file (#185)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/news/nobib.rst

**Added:**

> * Digitizing with flag `--bibliography` creates a bibliography key, which is empty when no BIB files or no citation key is given in `metadata["source"]["citation key"]`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Digitizing with flag `--bibliography` creates a "bibliography key, which is an empty string when no citation key is given in `metadata["source"]["citation key"]` or no BIB file with the given citation key is available.
```
